however Miss Medicare we show you how to
install sweet effects for steam version
of GTA 5 and a lot of people been having
problems with that we shed and stuff so
we see quick tutorial we're gonna do is
going to come over to GTA 5 / mods comm
have over two miscellaneous and then
find K plus three or v config here I'll
link in the description to that after
come over here I want to download it
then once downloaded you will get this
folder simply come in here but all this
stuff except for readme of the EU la you
don't need them
you're a copy this into where your GTA 5
is installed so for me it's on my SSD
theme library steamapps common GTA 5
then here where V dot exe is for GTA got
a drag very folders in here I'm not
going to do it so I've already done it
so you see it affects me here you have
the DVD 11 there so FX where then nice
it basically done launch the game you
should get message in the top left
corner saying that V so it faces white
and it's been enabled over and wait to
you in the game and hit scroll lock to
toggle sweet effects on and off and yeah
that's it
if you want to edit any of your settings
simply come to riff X folder here and
with three FS on school settings and you
can mess around with all this stuff down
here SMA is on automatically so if you
don't want to use it to talk up for that
to 0 and but I suggest using it cause
it's really good
anti-aliasing solution if you don't use
MSAA because it is quite taxing GTA 5 so
that's it and I'm going to show you a
comparison anything close I'm pretty
sure most people have seen it or not if
you're here I'm pretty sure you've seen
one you want to use it sweet very as
soon as possible so yeah hope this helps
anyone please leave a like if you do
enough yet subscribe thanks
you